i
but it was difficult the process was difficult
because many would like to arrive by
example the first division where is
right now
but he was told a few times after
that first one they did not tell him and that the
next year they accepted him in the club
there were other occasions that it is no longer
that you can not or can not
not really the only one of the birds that
they said they did not accept and then what
called the tuca in the year of 2008 annul
the preseason to start now
debuted it and they went to Cancun but they
trained with the team in 2008
and this one was very excited and
returning said the tuca you return to the
promotion law because you're not
contemplated in the plans
that did hit him so much hit him
who played a very bad championship in the
promotion was very unmotivated and
and we tempers and after the other
championship started again to grab
new forces and continued until
passed from 2008 to 2011 that debuted on
last year one day before his birthday
that debuts because unfortunately it
injures the cacho
at minute 30 of the first half and the
enter from the 30th minute of the first
time because we thought that what
they had called but that was obviously going to
be on the bench and I was not going to play or
I was going to play 5 minutes
We were in Cancun unfortunately
we are watching it on a television appointment
how tiny because he was in we were
in a hotel where they had not hired
the service where the party worked
We went looking for it and found a
in a barecito and there we were and that
feel not so
It feels very nice to see what goes into
play and this feels very father and all
the plays since we came in we thought
that a goal they had been brave was
it really hurts I jumped like crazy and
later and it was not him and thought the
good people this one is going a lot to the
pumas but then I thought I had
got him not some anecdote that
remember is when you are little there is a
anecdote that does not like that I commented it
but I'm going to comment because if it's a
anecdote of when a job to soccer
in the first match
we were with the dads living and my
son comes over and dad tells me to take him
the mask
then I remove the chain
I give him his kiss because he had scored a goal
in his first game 26 years and longer
came back
and this
after that dad told me
I will not be able to approach
with you to celebrate no goal and I
scolded the coach
and I really do that if that occasion
marked my son the coach is the
coach marked him because after never
this warmth came again
and that's one thing that did affect me a lot
but the one to follow from there started to
follow a discipline with the
coaches what has been your best
gift that he has received from the
home on Father's Day or it's not something very
special the best gift I've had
of my son was when after that
he got his first goal we went to dinner
some tacos by the way and when he
I parked, I parked back
pulled out the shirt completely soaked
of the party says it's for you dad that was
the first goal
I'm crying to remember I felt a
great satisfaction a great emotion what
I hugged and cried the two of us were in
the beginning the love
if I want it to be again like that of
little one that is not of pity
they are dad's kisses not perfect
sir thank you very much
a pleasure to talk with you and
congratulations to all the dads is a
proud to have a father who supports both
a son to help him get there
thank you
of nothing
the wool
today I have to tell you dad
yes